---
layout: post
title: "Day After"
date: 2015-12-23 15:29:44 +0000
comments: true
categories: 
---

o the Fox clan did Christmas early this year due to family being in and out of town at various times. We broke tradition of mountains of food and ordered Jason's Deli instead. I got a Reuben and asked for a lighter portion so they only gave me 3 lbs of corned beef. That was nice of them.

Toys? I got some new shinies. First I got a Steam Controller. I wanted it not for a daily driver as much as to just test and mess with. I wanted to see what Valve had to offer as far as hardware. Turns out, aside from a steep learning curve, they have a lot of innovations or gimmicks to offer. I say both because if you like it, it's an innovation and if you don't, it's a gimmick. (SEE: Samsung Galaxy series.) So first thing would be the touchpads. It did away with a D-pad and a right joystick for some rather fancy technology. Thing having two concaved laptop mousepads. But take it a step further and go with Apple's multi-touch pressure sensitive one. They are fully programmable, have haptic feedback, based on thumb acceleration, and can act as a touch or a click. It's hard to explain beyond that.

The triggers are duel-programmable, similar to the XBox ones where a half pull registers differently from a full pull. The bottom buttons are absolutely fantastic. I can see them adding a bit of immersion for FPS games. Left for reloading and right for scope. You don't have to fumble with clunky controls like on PS or XBox. The face buttons are a reach, like some reviews said. Once you get used to it though, I don't think it will be bad. Think of the XBox left stick reach. They are positioned about there.

The coup de grâce though... The gyroscopic motion controls. Hungh! I messed with Porta 2 a bit this morning and the Steam-default config is set up in such a way that you aim with the right pad but as your thumb is on it, you also aim with motion controls. Why Nintendo didn't do this with the Wii, I will never know. It will take some getting used to but it's pretty freaking cool.

Other things I got: Cookie butter (because I'm a fat kid at heart), a 5.1 surround sounds speaker set (I want to connect them to my computer but if I can't get it to work with Linux, then TV it is.), several watchbands for various occasions along with some quick release pins with are a godsend, and some other stuff like a Tux t-shirt, some gift cards and a power bank for my devices. 13,000mAh baby! My phone will be charged for a full day now!

The family is doing family stuff today and I am at work, waiting out the next week and a half. Still nothing to do. I think I'll continue watching the web dev videos and start working through the PHP/MySQL/JavaScript book I got for Christmas as well. 

Anyway, time to do something else besides typing this.

-R
