---
layout: post
title: "blogspot-07.05.15"
date: 2015-12-18 20:57:21 +0000
comments: true
categories: 
---

Intro first? My name is Derrick Shaw. I am 32 years old and I don't know what I'm doing. Or rather, this is intended to be an ongoing documenting of thoughts as I work on my webapp project. This doc is sort of my 'hello world' opposite the machine code side of things.

I'm, is some ways, becoming an accidental programmer. I never planned on learning how to develop software, and honestly, wanted to be an IT specialist. A TL;DR of how I got here:

>I fucked up a lot in my 20's. I spent the entire time drinking and doing softcore drugs. Mainly gas station speed and marijuana. I skipped out on going to college after high school because I thought I could make a living in the factories. Well, the factories fell when the economy did and I was out of a job. Jumped around in temp jobs for a while, moved to AZ, fucked that up, moved back to IN, lived in my parent's basement in an alcohol-induced haze for a few months, then moved to TX after meeting my now wife.
Her family outed me for the loser that I was and at some point between working at a local gas station and a local Taco Bell at the age of 27, I decided I needed to fix myself.
I went to a revolving door 9 month-degree-type college that was more of a storefront racket to make money off of the poverty-stricken inner-city community. Joke on them was, I learned a shit ton about computers in the process. Problem being, the piece of paper they called a diploma waasn't taken seriously in the field I was intending to go into.
So I went to an actual college. On Day 0, I told the adviser I wanted to work on computer networks for a living and she figured that meant Computer Science. I found out real fast that I wasn't cut out to be a math/computer nerd. Talked to a man about picking my next semester classes and told him about the horrible professor I had who tried teaching me Python like the Nazis tried teaching the french about real estate. The man, who became known as Dr. Babb/Babb-arooni/Babb-alicious/The Babbs/etc pulled me over to Computer Information Systems, which is fancy speak for web design and software development. 
I'm 1 year away from graduating now and Babb has taken a liking to me via my dedication and hard-working demeanor.  I still don't know very much about programming but I do what I need to survive. 
I got offered an internship this summer and it is in software development. The company uses Ruby on Rails and Java for most of what they do. I have little knowledge in Java and zero in Rails at the point of my hiring. 
And here we are. So when you have barely an understanding of programming and very little knowledge of Java, save for what you did in your free time in app development for Android, and you have absolutely zero knowledge of Ruby or Rails, what do you do?  You build a social media site, that's what. What surprised me about myself is that in other situations, I would start a thing, get a barebones understanding, and then stop. But what I did differently this time is I created a framework for a potentially living, breathing system, on the net. This gives me an obligation to see it through.

I must be blunt at this point. I am working through Michael Hartl's Rails Tutorial book at [https://www.railstutorial.org](www.railstutorial.org) so my idea isn't wholly original. What is original is where I plan on expanding. Well, that too is a lie. I will be borrowing from the best pieces of the most popular social media sites to create what I hope to be a good social experience. I also want to keep out all the annoying things that keep people from enjoying social media. (e.g., games ads, spam, paid features, etc.)

I have a lot of ideas and I will share them as they start to see daylight but for now, I wanted to use this space on the net as sort of a way for me to get my thoughts out when they happen, or more specifically, when I get the chance.

In the future, this may very well become my developmental cliffnotes, but for now, let's just mark this up as a personal journal as I struggle though the world of social media development.

I will link to the site once Alpha hits. I will also come up with a version numbering and naming scheme before then. Alphas will probably be numbers 0.0.x and Betas will be 0.x.x but I haven't decided on a name scheme. For now it is just going by Project Kwikr, which is very obviously a mutation of the word 'quicker'.