---
layout: post
title: "New year, new me, new you?"
date: 2016-01-08 15:45:13 +0000
comments: true
categories: 
---

So it's now 2016. That means a lot of stuff. Mainly, we survived the year, 2015. The year of the crybabies, hypersensetives, annoying agenda freaks, and a whole slew of wtfs. I try to keep in my mind that the world is less violent per statistics. We just have better coverage of things going on around hte globe. News travels faster as technology speeds up. News version of Moore's law?

Anywho, this year is gonna be better. I can feel it. I think. I'm gonna stay way from FB-made drama and focus more on other outlets of social media. It's better that way. People are assholes and I don't need to be affected by them.

So new year, huh? I'm trying new me this year. I don't have a set-in=stone resolution as much as a goal to end the year better then I started it. I've started already. I installed my bidet yesterday and it's so nice. If you have never sprayed water at your butthole after taking a shit, I highly suggest you give it a whirl. It's jsut fantastic. I also got my ergo keyboard yesterday. It's hard to get used to but I hope it works out for me. My only real issue is that it doesn't fit on my keyboard tray properly. Other than that, after typing a while on it it feels weird going to my mouse. The hotkeys are a nice touch though.

I'm currently at a wall on my watch app, but more on that later on in another post.

Other new me stuff? I am finishing my school stuff this year. I opted for photography instead of data mining since it doesn't have a book. DM was online but I don;t think I will end up employed before the semester is over so that is fine. I just need to get out and shoot every now and then.

Other than that, I'm only taking one CIS class this semester and it's the sucky one. Babb is becoming the source of my anxiety and high blood pressure and I'm ready to be done with these classes. 

One last thing. New me also included growing a beard. Or rather, On Jan 1 I decided I didn't feel like shaving. So far it almost looks like a beard. We'll see how long it goes.

Anywho. I got other things to do and I need to teach myself how to type again since this keyboard has a learning curve.

At that, deuces!

-R