---
layout: post
title: "It's been a long time"
date: 2016-05-04 13:28:28 +0000
comments: true
categories: 
---

Hello darkness, my old friend. Or rather oi to those who are still there and able to read something I write without being overly offended by crass observations of the politcal machine.

It has been a long time since I wrote something for this little hacker-sheet blog but I have been having one hell for a semester as I work to tie up lose ends for a degree that will either be worth every penny or not.

I have fucked up in more ways then I care to admit in my online class and then that came through in a on-campus class, ironically taught by the same professor. I have forgotten to turn in 2 assignments, both of which were done a week before they were due, and I forgot to do a weekly busy-work assignment which counts as my drop assignment. Of course this happened before my professor made a decision to count all extra work that would otherwise be dropped towards our final grade in case we needed an extra push from a B to an A. Or in my case, from a D to a C.

So the past is behind us, right?

I chose 2 electives this semester to add a bit of zen to the otherwise chaotic months I knew were ahead. 1) Creative Writing: Poetry and 2) MCOM: Photography. Both have been an absolute blast. Halfway through my photography class, that professor started to give us a bit of creative wiggle room, which I being the pretentious/eccentric/asshole-ish/etc person that I have become, used to explore an avenue that I knew wasn't very known. Glitch Art is a very experimental and exploratory art style that involved literally breaking images and videos in such a way that they have digital artifacting and often, unexpected results. It's a style that looks awesome, creepy, surreal, and yet familiar. All at the same time. It's almost an homage to the last 30+ years of technological advancement on a personal level and that is what I find so intriguing about it. That NES game is fucked up and Mario is a blocking glitchy caricature of his former self? Fuck it, it's art now! I mean it has more depth then that but I like to imagine that happened in a cafe somewhere in the 80's.

In any case I fell into a style that I can only describe as pseudo-bending, where you take an image and run it through a glitching app on your phone. I think the app uses similar algorithms that standard pixel sorting software, or the like uses but has a more instant result. I borrowed from the styles that a Flickr photographer named Kai Rennert uses and added some filters and tweeted the contrast/saturation/etc to aim for this sort of old-timy feel of more modern imagery. It's an interesting approach to say the least but there is a fine line between art and Instagram filter. I'm learning still.

Next up, my poetry class. I had a hard time coming up with a first poem for the class and ended up writing about my shitty ex girlfriend. My lovely wife got mad and we fought. So in an attempt at saving face, I said, "Fine, I'll write every one after about you!" And she said "Good!"

I did.

It was a blast too.

Gutten-Trollen.

Every new style were learned became a challenge to tell a new chapter of our lives together and it worked out very well. Then I had to write a free verse at the end of the semester. I was like "I got this" since, well, I write free verse. But I ended up writing 2 separate ones, in very different styles, on top of starting the first one 3 different times, jotting down lines here and there in between bouts of writer's block, etc. I ended up writing a 3.5 page poem much in the same vein as Ginsberg. And just about died. I realized that should I use that one, it would create a lot of bad noise, so I opted for the shorter second one, written in the style that I traditionally use. It was cute and I went with that one. I let a classmate named Jason read my longform and he cried, hit me with said poem several times, said he hated me a dozen or so times, and then said I had to read that one instead. I had the professor print copies for me last minute and read it. I didn't get a standing ovation but I didn't get much of a response aside from reading it in the rambling manner that I did, take out commas when it won't break things, and that it was, in fact, Ginsberg-esque. I have it on another blog so I don't think I'll post it here.

In the end, my plan to write everything about my wife came through and now I'm planning on turning it into a chapbook for our anniversary. I'm gonna see about putting it into eFormat on Kindle too. Maybe sell it for $3 a pop.

Programming has been an absolute disaster. We have a flat tire in our group, which is too be expected but fuck that guy. He rubs Keith and I the wrong way. hasn't done any checkins on TFS, acts like RAM is the key to all computer issues, acts like he know the difference from a motherboard and a skateboard, and just overall sucks to be around. He's black so if you say anything at all that can be taken in anyway possible as racist, he acts like you just killed and fucked his mom. It's the worst. Say a bit of code is ghetto, and you are making fun of his upbringing, say my name is spelled in the way that I've observed is commonly spelled by black folk and I just basically told him I wish his people were still slaves. It's the absolute worst and I don't think I like it all too much. One day I jokingly said, after fucking with broken ass code for about 3 hours straight "this is why I don't believe in God." (which isn't why I don't btw...) And he responded with the fact that I can't be in the same room as him, otherwise he will just have to murder me (I'm paraphrasing here). Like, what? It's clearing in print in the first amendment that you can believe in whatever you want, so there is a chance that you will probably, at one point or another, associate with a non-believer. AND THAT IS OK! Seriously, life will continue. The world will be just fine, fanatics will still kill people, and the US gov will still be Capitalist. Shit will be fine, my friend.

On top of that, I just need to survive finals week, pick up these 3 last credit hours and start my job at the USDA on the 31st of May. It's a contract position but I get to hack around with Raspberry Pis and Linux for 12.50/hour. I would do that in the summer for free so I guess I win?

Over this semester, I've lost my mind, drank 3423453 bottles of whiskey, rum, beer, water. Ate ramen and ribeye, ported a roguelike written in Python over to Linux, added conditional Pebble Time Round support to a watchapp written in C, got 2 websites sort of up, and made a few friends and enemies. I removed 30+ people on FB because I don't like them. I found out my DM unfollowed me and instead of becoming angry about it, I had a realization that I am also an asshole. I'm unlikeable. It made me sad and now I'm going through a bit of depression over it. It sucks but it might finally be my moment that i can finally get off FB. It's just toxic and Idk if I need to help with that. I'm famously good at trolling people on there but it's no longer fun. I am at a point where now I post things as satire about myself. Like, I am making fun of me for fun. I figure, I can do this and only offend me,(It's almost impossible to offend me)

Idk, I need to move on. Things are changing and I don't want to become a product for my children on FB. I don't want the gov to have access to FB's face recognition software so they can keep tabs on my kids. It's not fair to them and you never know who Uncle Touch is. I guess that is a good way to finish this. Social Media has become a means for the gov to keep tabs on everyone. the NSA is still watching. Coarse location is a way of tracking you via your phone without GPS. It is used. All the time. By FB, Sprint, TWC, NSA, and the list goes on. Cortona wants to know your location on your desktop computer and that is fucking scary. We need a revolution. We need a new internet. We need P2P,. Encryption, FOSS, freedom, and basic rights. This can't continue. We need better education, not just in the classrooms but on the web. you shouldn't be a product for Big Cable, Big Oil, Big Advert. We need our lives back and we aren't going to do that by putting our children on shelves on FB without their fucking consent. Stop it.